OAKForUnity/README.md, before:

# OAK For Unity - Unity Project

![Demo](../docs/img/depthai-unity-plugin-face-detector.gif)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-2020.3.20f1-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity 2020.3.20f1">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-2021.2.7f1-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity 2021.2.7f1">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-URP-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity URP">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-HDRP-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity HDRP">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-Builtin-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity Builtin">
&nbsp;

---
This repository provides `OAK For Unity` Unity project. The project contains prebuilt depthai-unity library

## Getting started

**[URP project](docs/Unity.md)** 

<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-2021.2.7f1-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity 2021.2.7f1">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-URP-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity URP">
&nbsp;

`OAK For Unity` plugin is render pipeline independent. In order to make the getting started even more easy, we provide Unity project with everything setup and ready. Point Cloud visualization using Visual Effect Graph only works on URP/HDRP.

**[Quick Installation Instructions]()**

Import OAK For Unity package to your project. Walkthrough Main Menu, Device Manager and basic streams.

## Tutorials

**[OAK For Unity Tutorial]()**

Explore demos included with the plugin. Pretrained models like face detector, head pose, face emotion, deeplabv3, body pose, hand tracking, object detector and much more ...

## Documentation
In-depth documentation on individual components of the package

## Community and Support
If you run into any other problems with the OAK For Unity or have a specific feature request, please submit a **[GitHub issue](https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-unity/issues)**.

## Compatibility

|Platform|Unity|Render Pipeline|
|---|---|---|
|Win10|2021.2.7f1|ALL|
|MacOS|Coming Soon|ALL|
|Linux Ubuntu|Coming Soon|ALL

## Known issues

## Related links
- [Discord](https://discord.gg/4hGT3AFPMZ)
- [Unity forum](https://forum.unity.com/threads/oak-for-unity-spatial-ai-meets-the-power-of-unity.1205764/)
- [Youtube playlist](https://youtu.be/CSFOZLBV2RA?list=PLFzqMMJPSNSbsHp7QeJpOHrZu_1BAdDms)

## Acknowledgements
Point cloud visualization using Visual Effect Graph is based on the work of Keijiro Takahashi https://github.com/keijiro/DepthAITestbed

## License
OAK For Unity is licensed under MIT License. See [LICENSE](../LICENSE.md) for the full license text.

Commit message:

[MacOS] Support for basic streams and point cloud vfx. Small fix. More docs

OAKForUnity/README.md, after:

# OAK For Unity - Unity Project

![Demo](../docs/img/depthai-unity-plugin-face-detector.gif)

[![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-2020.3.20f1-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity 2020.3.20f1">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-2021.2.7f1-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity 2021.2.7f1">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-URP-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity URP">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-HDRP-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity HDRP">
&nbsp;
<img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/unity-Builtin-green.svg?style=flat-square" alt="unity Builtin">
&nbsp;

---

This repository provides `OAK For Unity` Unity project. The project contains prebuilt depthai-unity library

## Getting started

**[URP project (Click here for more detail)](docs/Unity.md)**

`OAK For Unity` plugin is render pipeline independent. In order to make the getting started even more easy, we provide Unity project with everything setup and ready.

- Check in `more detail` about Main Menu, Device Manager and all the demos.

- Point Cloud visualization using Visual Effect Graph only works on URP/HDRP.

**[Quick Installation Instructions - Coming soon]()**

Import OAK For Unity package to your project.

## Tutorials - Coming soon

**[OAK For Unity Tutorial]()**

Explore demos included with the plugin. Pretrained models like face detector, head pose, face emotion, deeplabv3, body pose, hand tracking, object detector and much more ...

## Documentation

In-depth documentation on individual components of the package

## Community and Support

If you run into any other problems with the OAK For Unity or have a specific feature request, please submit a **[GitHub issue](https://github.com/luxonis/depthai-unity/issues)**.

## Compatibility

| Platform     | Unity       | Render Pipeline |
| ------------ | ----------- | --------------- |
| Win10        | 2021.2.7f1  | ALL             |
| MacOS        | 2021.2.7f1  | ALL             |
| Linux Ubuntu | Coming Soon | ALL             |

## Known issues

## Related links

- [Discord](https://discord.gg/4hGT3AFPMZ)
- [Unity forum](https://forum.unity.com/threads/oak-for-unity-spatial-ai-meets-the-power-of-unity.1205764/)
- [Youtube playlist](https://youtu.be/CSFOZLBV2RA?list=PLFzqMMJPSNSbsHp7QeJpOHrZu_1BAdDms)

## Acknowledgements

Point cloud visualization using Visual Effect Graph is based on the work of Keijiro Takahashi https://github.com/keijiro/DepthAITestbed

## License

OAK For Unity is licensed under MIT License. See [LICENSE](../LICENSE.md) for the full license text.
